my framework is a cucumber BDD and I am using a maven to build up my framework as a build management tool and for that, 
1.	I have pom.xml and in “pom.xml” file where I am storing all my dependencies and plugins. That helps me maintain my framework 
2.	Also, have a “.properties” file so in the properties file I keep my important data as browser, URL and credentials.
And I have created configuration reader method in my Utils package that load them and reach them from anywhere in my framework

My framework is consisting of different packages Pages, Runner, steps definitions, utils the resources 
3.	Next is resources package and under resources I keep my feature files and other type of other external files,
and this is basically where I keep all my scenarios and scenario outlines in Gherkin language, by using Gherkin language
with “Given, When ,Then”… keywords in the feature file to make sure my test cases are understandable even who has not any technical background
4.	 so, I have a utils package where I keep my useful utils to use throughout my framework. There are browser utils
where I store useful methods when handling browsers. Also, configuration reader to read my data from my properties files
and the third one is driver, this driver util is very capable driver and I can run my scenario parallelly using this driver
 because I am using pull design instead of Singleton design.
5.	the other package is called steps definitions I have two types of files I have a hooks class where I keep my
@Before(launching my driver, implicitly  wait) and @After (screenshots, close driver)annotations or other JUnit annotations,
next class “steps” and in there I am implementing and creating my methods for each step in my “feature.files”
6.	Runner package so in this package I have 2 class runner class. Test runner basically running my scenarios.
I am using “@RunWith” annotation to run them with Junit. Also,  in “@CucumberOptions” annotation
I initialize my framework “feature” I give path to my resource files,  “glue” I give path to my definitions and
“tags” where I can Define which tag scenarios will be  run, with “plugin” I can generate HTML reports Json reports
as well as a file to keep my failed scenarios(in rerun.txt) .Also I have failedRunner  class under this package and
store my failed scenarios and rerun those scenarios in this class and setup is as Test runner class
7.	Last package is called pages in my framework I implement page object model design pattern to prevent code redundancy,
 make the codes reusable and easy to maintain.so I have a page for each web page in my project. For example, I have a home page and login page.
 Basically, on these pages I am locating elements and useful method in these classes. That I can use those methods in step definitions.
  Basically, this is what all about my framework.
